Fallout is a vast tapestry made up of many different cultures, each with its own technology level, each wanting to kill
you for stealing from them. For this reason, adventurers have access to a variety of armor types, ranging from leather 
armor to combat armor to powered armor, with several other kinds of armor in between. The Armor table collects the most
commonly available types of armor found in the game and separates them into three categories: light armor, medium 
armor, and heavy armor. Some fwastelanders supplement their armor with a shield.

The Armor table shows the cost, weight, and other properties of the common types of armor and shields used in the 
world of Fallout.

Your Armor Class (AC) represents how well your character avoids being wounded in battle. Things that contribute to your
AC include the armor you wear, the shield you carry, and your Agility modifier. Not all characters wear armor or carry 
shields, however.

Without armor or a shield, your character’s AC equals 5 + his or her Agility modifier (minimum 1). If your character
wears armor, carries a shield, or both, calculate your AC using the rules in the Equipment section. Record your AC on 
your character sheet.


Strength Requirement. Heavier armor interferes with the wearer's ability to move quickly, stealthily, and freely. If 
the Armor table shows a Strength requirement in the Strength column for an armor type, the armor reduces the wearer's 
speed by 10 feet unless the wearer has a Strength score equal to or higher than the listed score.


Stealth. If the Armor table shows "Disadvantage" in the Stealth column, the wearer has disadvantage on Agility
(Stealth) checks.


Shields. A shield is made from wood or metal and is carried in one hand. Wielding a shield increases your Armor Class 
by an amount specified by that shield. You can benefit from only one shield at a time.


Mods. Armor can have modifications added to them, ranging from extra carrying capacity to powerful optical sensors. 
Each section of your body can have a modification added to it: each leg, each arm, your torso, and your head. No 
armor section (or "piece") can have more than one modification at a time. Once a modification is attached to an armor
piece it cannot be removed and transferred to another piece. 

The Mod Table lists shows the cost, weight, and other properties of the common types modifications used in the world of
Fallout. Helmets are mored limited in what mods they can use, and have their own table to reflect this. Whenever a mod
requires all pieces of your armor to have the same mod for its effect to trigger, this does not include helmets.