Iron Fist (Req. Strength 1)
Rank 1: You have +1 to attack rolls made with unarmed weapons and you choose a special unarmed move from the list at
the bottom of this perk. You can perform one special unarmed move per turn as part of an unarmed attack. Special moves
cost additional AP, denoted at the end of their description.
Rank 2: Your unarmed attacks deal +1 damage and you choose another special unarmed move.
Rank 3: You have +2 to attack rolls made with unarmed weapons and you choose another special unarmed move. Your unarmed 
strikes use a d6 for damage.
Rank 4: Your unarmed attacks deal +2 damage and you choose another special unarmed move.
Rank 5:  You have +3 to attack rolls made with unarmed weapons and they deal +3 damage. You choose two more special 
unarmed moves and your unarmed strikes use a d8 for damage
- Haymaker: Your attack deals one additional damage die (1 AP).
- Uppercut: Your attack forces the target to make a Constitution saving throw (DC 10 + your Strength modifier). On a
  failure they are stunned until the start of your next turn (2 AP).
- Ear-clap: Your attack forces the target to make a Constitution saving throw (DC 10 + your Strength modifier). On a
  failure they are deafened until the start of your next turn (1 AP).
- Throat strike: Your attack forces the target to make a Constitution saving throw (DC 10 + your Strength modifier). On
  a failure they cannot speak until the start of your next turn (1 AP).
- Roundhouse kick: Your attack forces the target to make a Constitution saving throw (DC 10 + your Strength modifier). 
  On a failure they are blinded until the start of your next turn (2 AP).
- Drop kick: You attack deals two extra damage dice and forces the target to make a Constitution saving throw (DC 10 + 
  your Strength modifier). On a failure they are knocked prone; you fall prone after this attack regardless of the 
  roll's outcome (2 AP).


Big Leagues (Req. Strength 2)
Rank 1: You have +1 to attack rolls made with melee and thrown weapons. Drawing a thrown weapon costs 0 AP.
Rank 2: Your melee and thrown attacks deal +1 damage and critical hits with a melee or thrown weapon force the target 
to drop one item in their hands.
Rank 3: You have +2 to attack rolls made with melee and thrown weapons. If you attack a creature who is within 5 feet 
of another creature, and that creature is also within reach of your melee weapon, you can roll once to attack both of 
them at the same time (requires no additional AP).
Rank 4: Your melee and thrown attacks deal +2 damage.
Rank 5: You have +3 to attack rolls made with melee and thrown weapons and they deal +3 damage. Your critical hit 
multiplier with melee and thrown weapons increases by 1.

Armorer (Req. Strength 3)
Rank 1: You can craft rank 1 armor mods.
Rank 2: You can craft rank 2 armor mods.
Rank 3: You can craft rank 3 armor mods.
Rank 4: You can craft rank 4 armor mods.
Rank 5: You can attempt a DC 25 Strength (Blacksmith) ability check once per week. On a success, you can craft a single
legendary modification for a piece of armor you choose at the time of the roll. No armor piece can have more than one 
legendary modification, and you cannot transfer the modification to a different armor piece later.

Weapon Master (Req. Strength 4)
Rank 1: You can craft rank 1 melee/unarmed/thrown weapon mods.
Rank 2: You can craft rank 2 melee/unarmed/thrown weapon mods.
Rank 3: You can craft rank 3 melee/unarmed/thrown weapon mods.
Rank 4: You can craft rank 4 melee/unarmed/thrown weapon mods.
Rank 5: You can attempt a DC 25 Strength (Blacksmith) ability check once per week. On a success, you can craft a single
legendary modification for a melee/unarmed/thrown weapon you choose at the time of the roll. No weapon can have more 
than one legendary modification, and you cannot transfer the modification to a different weapon later.

Heavy Gunner (Req. Strength 5)
Rank 1: You reduce the AP cost of weapons with the Heavy property by 1.
Rank 2: You ignore the Encumbered penalty when wielding a weapon with the Heavy property.
Rank 3: The weight of weapons with the Heavy property is halved for you.
Rank 4: When you roll for damage with a weapon that has the Heavy property, you ignore the target's damage resistance
and damage threshold, if any.
Rank 5: You have +2 to attack and damage rolls made using weapons with the Heavy property.

Strong Back (Req. Strength 6)
Rank 1: You gain +25 pounds of carrying capacity.
Rank 2: You gain +50 pounds of carrying capacity.
Rank 3: Being Encumbered does not reduce your travel speed or make you more prone to exhaustion.
Rank 4: Being Heavily Encumbered does not reduce your travel speed or make you more prone to exhaustion.
Rank 5: Your base carrying capacity (before modifiers) is now your Strength score multiplied by 15.

Blitz (Req. Strength 7)
Rank 1: When you attack with a weapon (melee, ranged, or unarmed) you can also take one Move action for free as part of 
the attack. Doing so imposes disadvantege on the attack. You can only do this once per round.
Rank 2: Blitz attacks no longer have disadvantage.
Rank 3: You can now make two blitz attacks per round.
Rank 4: Blitz attacks now have advantage.
Rank 5: If a Blitz attack results in a kill, the Action Points spent to make it are refunded. This can trigger once per
round.

Basher (Req. Strength 8)
Rank 1: Improvised weapons now use d6's or larger for their damage dice.
Rank 2: You can apply your Melee Weapons skill bonus to melee and thrown attacks made with improvised weapons.
Rank 3: Improvised weapons now use d8's or larger for their damage dice.

Rooted (Req. Strength 9)
Rank 1: If you have not moved this round, you can spend 2 AP to become Rooted. While Rooted you gain +2 Damage 
Resistance and your melee/unarmed attacks deal +1 damage. Once Rooted, you cannot move until the start of your next 
turn.
Rank 2: While Rooted you have advantage on saving throws to resist being pushed or knocked prone.
Rank 3: While rooted your Damage Resistance bonus increases to +4 and your melee/unarmed attacks deal +2 damage.
Rank 4: Becoming Rooted no longer costs AP.
Rank 5: While Rooted you cannot be pushed or knocked prone. Your Damage Resistance bonus increases to +6 and your 
melee/unarmed attacks deal +3 damage.

Pain Train (Req. Strength 10)
Rank 1: If you move at least 15 feet before making a melee/unarmed attack against a creature, on a hit that creature is
knocked prone.
Rank 2: Creatures can no longer take melee/unarmed opportunity attacks against you.
Rank 3: Creatures can no longer take overwatch attacks against you.
Rank 4: If you move through the space of a hostile creature whose Strength score is lower than yours, you knock them
prone and their space is not considered difficult terrain for you.
Rank 5: Creatures knocked prone by your movement take 1d6 ballistic damage.