HIDING AND VISION

When you try to hide, make an Agility (Sneak) check. Until you are discovered or you stop hiding, that check’s total is
contested by the Perception (Detection) check of any creature that actively searches for signs of your presence.

You can’t hide from a creature that can see you, and if you make noise (such as shouting a warning or knocking over a 
vase), you give away your position. An invisible creature can’t be seen, so it can always try to hide. Signs of its 
passage might still be noticed, however, and it still has to stay quiet.

Passive Perception. When you hide, there’s a chance someone will notice you even if they aren’t searching. To determine
whether such a creature notices you, the Overseer compares your Agility (Sneak) check with that creature’s passive 
Perception score, which equals 10 + the creature’s Perception modifier, as well as any other bonuses or penalties. If 
the creature has advantage, add 5. For disadvantage, subtract 5.

For example, if a 1st-level character has a Perception of 7 (a +2 modifier) and proficiency in Perception, they have a 
passive Perception score of 12.

What Can You See? One of the main factors in determining whether you can find a hidden creature or object is how well 
you can see in an area, which might be lightly or heavily obscured. In a lightly obscured area—such as dim light, 
patchy fog, or moderate foliage—creatures have disadvantage on Perception (Detection) checks that rely on sight. In a 
heavily obscured area—such as darkness, opaque fog, or dense foliage—vision is blocked, effectively imposing the 
blinded condition, as explained in conditions

UNSEEN ATTACKERS AND TARGETS

Combatants often try to escape their foes’ notice by hiding or lurking in darkness.

When you attack a target that you can’t see, you have disadvantage on the attack roll. This is true whether you’re 
guessing the target’s location or you’re targeting a creature you can hear but not see. If the target isn’t in the 
location you targeted, you automatically miss, but the Overseer typically just says that the attack missed, not whether
you guessed the target’s location correctly.

When a creature can’t see you, you have advantage on attack rolls against it.

If you are hidden — both unseen and unheard — when you make an attack, you give away your location when the attack hits
or misses.