Hit points represent a combination of physical and mental durability, the will to live, and luck. Creatures with more 
hit points are more difficult to kill. Those with fewer hit points are more fragile.

At first level, every character starts with 21 hit points + their Endurance modifier (minimum of +0). Each time a
character levels up, they gain a number of hit points equal to their Endurance modifier (minimum of 1). If a character
increases their Endurance modifier at a later level, they retroactively gain any hit points they would've had if their
Endurance modifier was always this high.

For example, a character at 4th level who increases their Endurance by 1 would gain 4 more hit points - one for every 
every level they have.

Hit Dice
A character has a number of hit dice equal to their level, and can spend them during a short or long rest to regain 
lost hit points. The size of the die used is determined by your Endurance score: For Endurance 1-4, use a d4; for 
Endurance 5-6, use a d6; 7-8, use a d8; 9-10, use a d10. You do not add any modifiers to these rolls. You regain a 
number of hit points equal to the sum of the values rolled on the hit dice.

During a short or long rest, you can spend as many hit dice as you want. At the end of a long rest, if you no longer 
have any levels of exhaustion, you regain up to 2 spent hit dice (up to 4 spent hit dice when your character's level is 
11 or greater).

Damage
A creature's current hit points (usually just called hit points) can be any number from the creature's hit point 
maximum down to 0. This number changes frequently as a creature takes damage or receives healing.

Whenever a creature takes damage, that damage is subtracted from its hit points. The loss of hit points effects a
creature's capabilities. When your current hit points are below half your maximum, you suffer one level of exhaustion;
once they fall below 1/4 of your maximum you suffer a second level of exhaustion. Exhaustion gained this way can only
be removed through sufficient healing to bring your hit points back above the aforementioned thresholds.

When you drop to 0 hit points you either die or become mortally wounded, as explained in the sections following 
Radiation Damage.

Radiation Damage
Radiation, be it the natural environment or a weapon, causes radiation damage. This damage is not subtracted from a 
creature's current hit points, however. Rather, it is subtracted from their hit point maximum. If this subtraction would 
reduce their hit point maximum below their current hit points, their current hit points would decrease as well to match
the new maximum. Taking damage this way incurs exhaustion and even death just like with normal damage.

For every one hour you spend without taking any radiation damage, you reduce your radiation damage by 1 (increasing your
hit point maximum by 1) until all radiation damage is removed. Special items may also remove radiation damage or even
prevent it entirely.

Instant Death
Massive damage can kill you instantly. When damage reduces you to 0 hit points and there is damage remaining, you die 
if the remaining damage equals or exceeds your hit point maximum.

For example, a character with a maximum of 12 hit points currently has 6 hit points. If she takes 18 damage from an 
attack, she is reduced to 0 hit points, but 12 damage remains. Because the remaining damage equals her hit point 
maximum, the character dies.

Mortally Wounded
If damage reduces you to 0 hit points and fails to kill you, you become mortally wounded; this status ends if you regain 
any hit points. Whenever you start your turn mortally wounded you can move and act normally, but must start your turn by
making a special saving throw, called a death saving throw, to determine whether you creep closer to death or hang onto
life. 

A death saving throw uses a d20 and adds your Luck modifier and Death Save skill bonus. If the roll is 10 or higher, you 
succeed. If the roll is 9 or lower, or you take damage from something, you suffer a failure. An unmodified roll of 1 or 
a critical hit from an attack counts as two failures automatically and knocks your character unconscious until they are
healed. An unmodified roll of 20 counts as two successes and your character regains consciousness if they were 
unconscious. 

A success or failure has no effect by itself, but on your third success you become stable*. On your third failure - you 
die. The successes and failures don't need to be consecutive; keep track of both until you collect three of a kind. The 
number of successes is reset when you become stable and/or regain hit points, but the number of failures does not reset 
until you've had a long rest.

*A stable creature no longer makes death saving throws but remains at 0 hit points, and also remains unconscious if it 
was unconscious when it stabilized.