Swivel-Head (Req. Perception 1)
Rank 1: Your passive Perception increases by +1.
Rank 2: Your passive Perception bonus increases to +3. Traveling at a fast pace no longer lowers your passive 
Perception.
Rank 3: You have advantage on Perception (Search) checks made to find hidden traps and explosives, such as mines.
Rank 4: You can't be surprised while you are conscious.
Rank 5: You gain a +5 bonus to initiative.

Rifleman (Req. Perception 2)
Rank 1: You have +1 to attack rolls made with non-automatic, twohanded ranged weapons (henceforth referred to as
"rifles"). 
Rank 2: When rolling damage for a rifle, the total can never be less than your Perception SPECIAL score.
Rank 3: You have +2 to attack rolls made with rifles. 
Rank 4: When rolling damage for a rifle, the total can never be less than two times your Perception SPECIAL score.
Rank 5:  You have +3 to attack rolls made with rifles. Critical hits with rifles stun the target until the start of your 
next turn.

Gun Nut (Req. Perception 3)
Rank 1: You can craft ballistic ammo and rank 1 firearm mods.
Rank 2: You can craft rank 2 firearm mods.
Rank 3: You can craft rank 3 firearm mods.
Rank 4: You can craft rank 4 firearm mods.
Rank 5: You can attempt a DC 25 Perception (Gunsmith) ability check once per week. On a success, you can craft a 
single legendary modification for a firearm you choose at the time of the roll. No weapon can have more than one 
legendary modification, and you cannot transfer the modification to a different weapon later.

Locksmith (Req. Perception 4)
Rank 1: Picking a very easy lock (DC 5 or lower) automatically succeeds.
Rank 2: Picking an easy lock (DC 10 or lower) automatically succeeds.
Rank 3: Picking an advanced lock (DC 15 or lower) automatically succeeds.
Rank 4: Picking an expert lock (DC 20 or lower) automatically succeeds.
Rank 5: You have advantage on rolls to pick master locks (DC 20+).

Skeet Shooter (Req. Perception 5)
Rank 1: If you successfully hit with an Overwatch attack, the AP needed to make the attack is refunded.
Rank 2: Whenever you make an Overwatch attack, you can choose to instead target the weapon the creature is attacking with 
(against their normal AC). On a hit you deal no damage, but the target's attack is wasted. If the weapon was a thrown 
explosive, such as a grenade or mine, it detonates in their hand and they automatically fail the saving throw.
Rank 3: Your Overwatch attacks have advantage.

Night Person (Req. Perception 6)
Rank 1: Dim light does not impose disadvantage on Perception checks and attack rolls and that rely on sight.
Rank 2: You gain Darkvision out to 60 feet. You can’t discern color in darkness, only shades of gray.
Rank 3: Your Darkvision grows to 120 feet.
Rank 4: While in moonlight or dim light you have advantage on Perception checks that rely on sight.
Rank 5: While in moonlight your visibility is equivalent to what a normal person would have in broad daylight.

Lobber (Req. Perception 7)
Rank 1: Attacking at long range with a thrown weapon doesn't impose disadvantage.
Rank 2: You can throw grenades and weapons twice as far.
Rank 3: At the Overseer's discretion, you can bounce a grenade off of a surface to have it land somewhere you couldn't
otherwise directly throw it to.
Rank 4: Thrown weapons ignore half half and three-quarters cover.
Rank 5: When blinded you can still make thrown weapon attacks as though you weren't blinded.

Sniper (Req. Perception 8)
Rank 1: You can spend 2 AP while attacking with a scoped weapon to gain advantage on its next attack roll.
Rank 2: Holding your breath only costs 1 AP instead of 2.
Rank 3: The first time you hold your breath on a turn it costs 0 AP.
Rank 4: Holding your breath always costs 0 AP.
Rank 5: Once per turn, you can spend 2 AP to make an attack with a scoped weapon deal the maximum damage possible for 
that weapon. You must spend this AP before you know the outcome of the roll.

Penetrator (Req. Perception 9)
Rank 1: Your attacks ignore half-cover.
Rank 2: Your attacks ignore three-quarters cover.
Rank 3: At the Overseer's discretion, you can attack a creature with full cover using a firearm. This attack has 
disadvantage.
Rank 4: Your attacks ignore damage threshold.
Rank 5: Your attacks ignore natural armor.

Concentrated Fire (Req. Perception 10)
Rank 1: Attacking a creature's legs does not impose disadvantage.
Rank 2: Attacking a creature's arms does not impose disadvantage.
Rank 3: Attacking a creature's head does not impose disadvantage.