Toughness (Req. Endurance 1)
Rank 1: After completing a short or long rest, you gain a number of temporary hit points equal to your Endurance 
modifier. These temporary hit points last until your next short or long rest, or until they are replaced by another 
source of temporary hit points.
Rank 2: The number of temporary hit points you receive now equals 2x your Endurance modifier.
Rank 3: The number of temporary hit points you receive now equals 3x your Endurance modifier.
Rank 4: Critical hits against you only use half their normal damage multiplier (round up to nearest whole integer).
Rank 5: Critical hits against you become normal hits.

Lead Belly (Req. Endurance 2)
Rank 1: You take half as much radiation damage from irradiated food and drink.
Rank 2: You take no radiation damage from irradiated food and drink.
Rank 3: Alcohol removes twice as much radiation damage.
Rank 4: Finishing a short rest removes 1d4 radiation damage from you.
Rank 5: Finishing a short rest counts as a long rest for how much radiation damage you remove.

Lifegiver (Req. Endurance 3)
Rank 1: You gain an additional 10 hit points.
Rank 2: You gain an additional 10 hit points.
Rank 3: In combat, you regenerate a number of hit points equal to your Endurance modifier (minimum of 1) at the start 
of each of your turns. You can only regenerate hit points lost during that specific combat session; damage carried over
from events before the combat session cannot be regenerated. 

Chem Resistant (Req. Endurance 4)
Rank 1: You have advantage on Endurance saving throws made to resist addiction to alcoholic drinks.
Rank 2: You have advantage on Endurance saving throws made to resist addiction to any chem.
Rank 3: You are immune to chem addiction.
Rank 4: You can choose to end the effects of a chem early at the cost of 2 AP.
Rank 5: You ignore any negative modifiers imposed by chems during their duration.

Aquaboy/Aquagirl (Req. Endurance 5)
Rank 1: You no longer take radiation damage from swimming, whether you are fully submerged or not.
Rank 2: The amount of time you can hold your breath is doubled.
Rank 3: Submerging yourself in water makes you hidden from other creatures. You do not need to succeed an Agility 
(Stealth) check.
Rank 4: Your swim speed is always equal to your walking speed. Swimming as a means of travel does not make you more
pront to exhaustion.
Rank 5: Being underwater does not impose disadvantage on Perception checks.

Rad Resistant (Req. Endurance 6)
Rank 1: Per long rest, you ignore the first 4 points of radiation damage you take.
Rank 2: Per long rest, you ignore the first 8 points of radiation damage you take.
Rank 3: You have resistance to radiation damage.

Adamantium Skeleton (Req. Endurance 7)
Rank 1: Choose one limb: left leg, right leg, left arm, right arm, or head. You have advantage on Endurance saving 
throws to resist the effects of a limb shot on that limb.
Rank 2: You choose a second limb.
Rank 3: You choose a third limb.
Rank 4: You have advantage on Endurance saving throws to resist the effects of a limb shot on any limb.
Rank 5: You are immune to the effects of limb shots.

Cannibal (Req. Endurance 8)
Rank 1: You can eat raw animal meat without becoming sick or taking radiation damage.
Rank 2: You can eat human flesh to regain 1d4 hit points.
Rank 3: You can eat super mutant flesh to regain 1d4 hit points.
Rank 4: You can eat ghoul flesh to regain 1d4 hit points.
Rank 5: Eating human, super mutant, or ghoul flesh heals you 2d4 hit points.

Ghoulish (Req. Endurance 8)
Rank 1: For every 4 points of radiation damage you take from a individual attack, you heal 1 hit point. This cannot 
restore health lost due to radiation.
Rank 2: You heal a number of hit points equal to half the radiation damage you take from an individual attack.
Rank 3: Healing from radiation attacks can restore health lost due to radiation.

Solar Powered (Req. Endurance 10)
Rank 1: While in direct sunlight, you gain a +2 bonus to your Endurance.
Rank 2: While in direct sunlight, you gain a +2 bonus to your Strength.
Rank 3: While in direct sunlight, you gain 5 temporary hit points for 1 hour. If any of these temporary hit points are 
lost, you regain them after 1 hour, or the next closest time you are in direct sunlight.
Rank 4: For each hour spent in direct sunlight, you regain 1 hit point.
Rank 5: Healing from sunlight can restore health lost due to radiation.