Salesperson (Req. Charisma 1)
Rank 1: When bartering, items cost 10% less for you and you can sell items for 10% more. The caps value of these 
percentages is based on the standard price listed for that item in the rules.
Rank 2: When bartering, items cost 20% less for you and you can sell items for 20% more.
Rank 3: When bartering, you have advantage on Charisma checks for better pricing.
Rank 4: When bartering, items cost 30% less for you and you can sell items for 30% more.
Rank 5: When bartering, items cost 40% less for you and you can sell items for 40% more.

Lone Wanderer (Req. Charisma 2)
Rank 1: When adventuring alone or with a pet, you have 2 additional AP.
Rank 2: When adventuring alone or with a pet, you gain 10 temporary hit points at the end of each long rest.
Rank 3: Your AP bonus increases to 4 and your temporary hit point bonus increases to 20.

Team Player (Req. Charisma 3)
Rank 1: When taking the Help action, you can aid a friendly creature in attacking a creature up to 15 feet away from you.
Rank 2: When a friendly creature within 15 feet of you makes an attack or skill check on their turn, you can use the 
Help action to aid them.
Rank 3: You can now use the Help action to aid opportunity and overwatch attacks.
Rank 4: You can take the Help action twice on your turn.
Rank 5: You can take the Help action so long as you are within 30 feet of either the friendly creature or the target of
a friendly creature's attack.

Faithful Companion (Req. Charisma 4)
Rank 1: You can make a creature of the wastes your pet. The creature uses the stats normal for it and acts on its own
initiative. A party can only have one such pet at a time. Common pets include dogs, mole rats, and radroaches. Consult
your Overseer on what pet you can have.
Rank 2: Your pet adds half your Charisma modifier (minimum of 1, round up) to its attack and damage rolls.
Rank 3: Your pet adds half your Charisma modifier (minimum of 1, round up) to its AC.
Rank 4: Your pet increases its hit point maximum by an amount equal to your Character level.
Rank 5: Your pet does not count against the one pet party limit.

Animal Friend (Req. Charisma 5)
Rank 1: A successful Charisma (Persuasion or Intimidation) check can convince dogs, mongrels, and wolves to not attack 
you or your party, unless agitated further.
Rank 2: Success can now affect any Beast.
Rank 3: Success can now affect non-sapient Mutants with an Intelligence score lower than 5.

Party Person (Req. Charisma 6)
Rank 1: You cannot become addicted to chems that increase your Charisma.
Rank 2: Chems cannot reduce your Charisma.
Rank 3: Charisma bonuses from chems are doubled.
Rank 4: When under the influence, your base Luck score is considered doubled for gambling.
Rank 5: You gain +1 to all SPECIAL attributes whenever under the influence of chems.

Magnetizing (Req. Charisma 7)
Rank 1: Succeeding a Persuasion check against someone gives you advantage on the next Persuasion check you make against
them. This effect can chain.
Rank 2: Succeeding either a Persuasion or Deception check against someone gives you advantage on the next Persuasion or
Deception check made against them. This effect can chain.
Rank 3: Rolling a critical success on a Charisma check against a person charms (see condition) them for 1 minute.

Inspirational (Req. Charisma 8)
Rank 1: When taking the Help action, you can substitute your Leadership skill for whatever skill you would normally
need to help.
Rank 2: When taking the Help action, you give the roll advantage, regardless of whether or not it originally had 
disadvantage.
Rank 3: When taking the Help action, the other person treats d20 rolls of 4 or lower as a 5.

Team Leader (Req. Charisma 9)
Rank 1: In combat, you can spend AP to give it to a friendly creature, provided you can see and/or hear each other.
Rank 2: For every one AP you spend, you can give two AP to the friendly creature.
Rank 3: Each turn, you can give one friendly creature 2 AP for free, provided you can see and/or hear each other..
Rank 4: Once per combat, succeed or fail, you can make a contested Charisma (Leadership) check against the hostile 
creature with the highest Charisma score. On a success, it and all other hostile creatures allied with it lose 2 AP on 
their next turn.
Rank 5: So long as you are conscious, allied creatures that can see and hear you have +1 to their AC.

Paladin (Req. Charisma 10)
Rank 1: So long as you are conscious, whenever an allied creature within 10 feet of you makes a saving throw, they can 
use your Charisma modifier in place of the modifier they would normally use.
Rank 2: The radius increases to 20 feet.
Rank 3: The radius increases to 30 feet.