Gunslinger (Req. Agility 1)
Rank 1: You have +1 to attack rolls made with non-automatic, onehanded ranged weapons (henceforth referred to as
"pistols"). Attacks made with pistols cost 1 less AP, to a minimum of 3.
Rank 2: Your pistol attacks deal +1 damage. Each turn, your first reload with a pistol costs 0 AP.
Rank 3: You have +2 to attack rolls made with pistols. Attacks made with pistols cost 1 less AP, to a minimum of 2.
Rank 4: Your pistol attacks deal +2 damage. Critical hits and kills with a pistol refund the AP spent on the attack.
Rank 5: You have +3 to attack rolls made with pistols and they deal +3 damage. Each turn, your first two reloads with a 
pistol cost 0 AP.

Commando (Req. Agility 2)
Rank 1: You have +1 to attack rolls made with automatic, ranged weapons - be they onehanded or twohanded (henceforth 
these are referred to as "automatics"). When rolling damage for an automatic you can roll one additional die and add it 
to the total (without expending additional ammo).
Rank 2: Your critical hit multiplier with automatic weapons increases by 1.
Rank 3: You have +2 to attack rolls made with automatic weapons. When rolling damage for an automatic you can roll two
additional dice and add them to the total (without expending additional ammo).
Rank 4: Your critical hit multiplier with automatic weapons increases by 1 again.
Rank 5:  You have +3 to attack rolls made with automatic weapons and they consume half as much ammunition each attack 
(round up).

Sneaky (Req. Agility 3)
Rank 1: Moving stealthily does not reduce your travel speed or your combat speed.
Rank 2: Attacking with a silent weapon, hit or miss, does not alert creatures to your presence. On a hit, the targeted
creature is still alerted like normal.
Rank 3: While moving stealthily, you do not trigger hostile landmines.
Rank 4: While moving stealthily in dim light, other creatures treat you as if you were in darkness.
Rank 5: You have advantage on Stealth checks.

Mister Sandman/Miss Sandwoman (Req. Agility 4)
Rank 1: You gain an additional +1 damage multiplier to your Sneak Attack Criticals.
Rank 2: While moving stealthily, you can perform an Agility (Sleight of Hand) check to knock a humanoid unconscious
without harming them.
Rnak 3: While moving stealthily, at the Overseer's discretion you can instantly kill a creature with an attack.

Pickpocket (Req. Agility 5)
Rank 1: You can pickpocket someone without being hidden from them.
Rank 2: You have advantage on rolls to pickpocket someone you are hidden from.
Rank 3: When pickpocketing someone, you can plant a live grenade on them.
Rank 4: When pickpocketing someone, in certain cases you may be able to steal any weapons not currently in their hands.
Ranged weapons in their hands can be disarmed (you flip the safety on, remove the ammo magazine, put a stop in the gun 
barrel) etc., requiring a Reload action to fire the weapon or enforcing some other negative effect at the Overseer's 
discretion.
Rank 5: You can pickpocket someone even when you are in combat with them. Out of combat, you always have advantage
on rolls to pickpocket someone.

Moving Target (Req. Agility 6)
Rank 1: Opportunity and Overwatch attacks have disadvantage against you.
Rank 2: Opportunity and Overwatch attacks against you always miss.
Rank 3: Your movement speed increases to 30 feet.

Quick Hands (Req. Agility 7)
Rank 1: You can draw, stow, and swap up to two weapons for free each turn.
Rank 2: The first reload action on your turn costs half as much AP.
Rank 3: The first reload action on your turn costs 0 AP.

Action Boy/Girl (Req. Agility 8)
Rank 1: You now have 1 additional AP per turn, and your AP maximum increases to 11.
Rank 2: You now have 2 additional AP per turn, and your AP maximum increases to 12.
Rank 3: You now have 3 additional AP per turn, and your AP maximum increases to 13.

Ninja (Req. Agility 9)
Rank 1: Your sneak attack critical modifier increases by 1.
Rank 2: Your sneak attack critical modifier increases again by 1.
Rank 3: Your sneak attack critical modifier increases again by 1. 

Gun Fu (Req. Agility 10)
Rank 1: Attacking with a twohanded, ranged weapon while engaged in melee with a creature does not impose disadvantage 
on the attack roll.
Rank 2: As long as a weapon does not have the twohanded or heavy property, it can be dual-wielded by you.
Rank 3: As long as a weapon does not have the heavy property, it can be dual-wielded by you.
Rank 4: You can attack with dual-wielded weapons at long range.
Rank 5: While dual-wielding, you can reload both weapons as part of the same Reload action.